1.What is a code repository?  

 

 

A source code repository is a file archive and web hosting facility where a large amount of source code, 

 for software or for web pages, is kept, either publicly or privately. 

 

2.Why is it advantageous to use a code repository? 

 

A Code repository is a place to store 

All source code (program) 

Related documents 

Local or Online repositories 

Source code version control 

 

 

3.Describe the different “layers” of Software that exist on a typical computer and explain why there are different layers of software.  

 

1) application, an application layer is an abstraction layer that specifies the shared communications protocols and interface methods used by hosts in a communications network. The application layer abstraction is used in both of the standard models of computer networking: The Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP) and the OSI model. Although both models use the same term for their respective highest level layer, the detailed definitions and purposes are different. 

2) system software, System software is a type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs. If we think of the computer system as a layered model, the system software is the interface between the hardware and user applications. ... The OS manages all the other programs in a computer. 

3) hardware.  In computers, a hardware abstraction layer (HAL) is a layer of programming that allows a computer operating system to interact with a hardware device at a general or abstract level rather than at a detailed hardware level. Windows 2000 is one of several operating systems that include a hardware abstraction layer. 

 

 

 

4.Describe what an algorithm is and explain why it is a useful “tool” to translate from a human level problem (we can think of) to a computer program.  

 

Algorithm is a process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer. 

People cannot do that much of process at once. 

 

 

Sources 

 

1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_source_code_hosting_facilities 

 

2. lecture session 1 
